"BotanicalName"	"Native"	"Count"
"1"	"Acalypha sp."	NA	1
"2"	"Acalypha wilkesiana Muell.Arg."	NA	1
"3"	"Achyranthes aspera L."	NA	2
"4"	"Achyranthes cf. aspera J.Jacq."	NA	1
"5"	"Achyranthes sp."	NA	3
"6"	"Aframomum angustifolium (Sonn.) K.Schum. "	NA	1
"7"	"Ageratum conyzoides L."	NA	4
"8"	"Albizia cf. coriaria Welw. ex Oliv."	NA	2
"9"	"Albizia coriaria Welw. ex Oliv."	NA	2
"10"	"Alchornea cordifolia (Schumach. & Thonn.) Muell.Arg."	NA	1
"11"	"Allamanda cathartica L."	NA	1
"12"	"Allium cepa L."	NA	7
"13"	"Aloe vera (L.) Burm.f."	NA	13
"14"	"Alternanthera ficoidea (L.) P. Beauv."	NA	1
"15"	"Amaranthaceae sp."	NA	1
"16"	"Amaranthus cruentus L."	NA	20
"17"	"Amaranthus dubius Mart. ex. Thell"	NA	38
"18"	"Amaranthus hybridus L."	NA	47
"19"	"Amaranthus sp."	NA	7
"20"	"Amaranthus spinosus L."	NA	22
"21"	"Ananas comosus (L.) Merr."	NA	42
"22"	"Annona muricata L."	NA	1
"23"	"Annona senegalensis Pers."	NA	5
"24"	"Antiaris toxicaria Lesch."	NA	3
"25"	"Arachis hypogea L."	NA	2
"26"	"Artocarpus heterophyllus Lam."	NA	54
"27"	"Artocarpus sp."	NA	2
"28"	"Aspilia africana (Pers) C. D. Adams"	NA	6
"29"	"Axonopus compressus (Sw.) P.Beauv."	NA	10
"30"	"Basella alba L."	NA	3
"31"	"Bersama abyssinica Fresen. "	NA	1
"32"	"Bidens pilosa L."	NA	2
"33"	"Blighia unijugata Bak."	NA	1
"34"	"Brachiaria ruziziensis R. Germ. & C. M. Evrard"	NA	4
"35"	"Brassica oleracea L."	NA	26
"36"	"Brassica sp."	NA	2
"37"	"Bridelia micrantha (Hochst.) Baill."	NA	1
"38"	"Brillantaisia owariensis P. Beauv."	NA	5
"39"	"Brugmansia suaveolens (Humb. & BonpL.ex Willd.) Bercht. & J.Presl"	NA	2
"40"	"Bryophyllum pinnatum (Lam.) Oken"	NA	2
"41"	"Buddleja davidii Franch"	NA	2
"42"	"Bulbine frutescens (L.) Willd."	NA	1
"43"	"Cajanus cajan (L.) Millsp."	NA	7
"44"	"Calliandra haematocephala Hassk."	NA	4
"45"	"Callistemon sp."	NA	5
"46"	"Callistemon viminalis (Sol. ex Gaertn.) G.Don"	NA	1
"47"	"Camellia sinensis (L.) Kuntze."	NA	2
"48"	"Canavalia virosa (Roxb.) Wight & Arn."	NA	3
"49"	"Capsicum annum L."	NA	9
"50"	"Capsicum frutescens L."	NA	44
"51"	"Capsicum sp."	NA	2
"52"	"Cardiospermum halicacabum L."	NA	1
"53"	"Carica papaya L."	NA	55
"54"	"Caricaceae sp."	NA	2
"55"	"Cascabela thevetia (L.) Lippold."	NA	1
"56"	"Casuarina cf. equisetifolia L."	NA	1
"57"	"Casuarina equisetifolia L."	NA	14
"58"	"Casuarina sp."	NA	1
"59"	"Ceiba sp."	NA	2
"60"	"Centella asiatica (L.) Urb. "	NA	1
"61"	"Cestrum nocturnum L."	NA	3
"62"	"Chenopodium ambrosioides (L.) Mosyakin & Clemants"	NA	1
"63"	"Chenopodium opulifolium Schrad, ex G. C. T. Koch &. Ziz"	NA	7
"64"	"Chlorophytum subpetiolatum (Baker) Kativu"	NA	2
"65"	"Cissus rotundifolia (Forssk.) Vahl."	NA	2
"66"	"Cissus sp."	NA	1
"67"	"Citrus limon (L.) Burm"	NA	7
"68"	"Citrus sinensis (L.) Osbeck"	NA	25
"69"	"Citrus sp."	NA	1
"70"	"Citrus tangerina Tanaka"	NA	2
"71"	"Cleistopholis patens (Benth.) EngL.& Diels"	NA	2
"72"	"Clematis hirsuta Guill.& Perr. "	NA	1
"73"	"Clerodendrum formicarum Guerke"	NA	1
"74"	"Clerodendrum rotundifolium Oliv."	NA	2
"75"	"Clerodendrum sp."	NA	1
"76"	"Coffea arabica L."	NA	47
"77"	"Coffea canephora Pierre ex A. Froehner"	NA	93
"78"	"Cola acuminata (P. Beauv.) Schott & Endl."	NA	1
"79"	"Colocasia sp."	NA	1
"80"	"Combretum cf. paniculatum Vent."	NA	2
"81"	"Cordia africana Lam."	NA	1
"82"	"Costus afer Ker Gawl."	NA	1
"83"	"Crassocephalum mannii (Hook.f.) Milne-Redh."	NA	3
"84"	"Crassulaceae sp."	NA	5
"85"	"Crotalaria laburnifolia L."	NA	1
"86"	"Croton macrostachyus Hochst. ex Delile"	NA	2
"87"	"Cucurbita pepo L."	NA	56
"88"	"Cucurbita sp."	NA	2
"89"	"Cyathula uncinulata (Schrad.) Schinz"	NA	1
"90"	"Cymbopogon cf. afronardus Stapf"	NA	1
"91"	"Cymbopogon citratus (DC.) Stapf. "	NA	21
"92"	"Cyperus alternifolius L."	NA	6
"93"	"Cyperus papyrus L."	NA	2
"94"	"Cyperus sp."	NA	1
"95"	"Cyphostemma cyphopetalum (Fresen.) Desc. ex Wild & R.B.Drumm. "	NA	1
"96"	"Dichrocephala integrifolia (L.f.) Kuntze."	NA	2
"97"	"Dioscorea cayenensis Lam."	NA	7
"98"	"Dodonaea viscosa Jacq."	NA	2
"99"	"Dracaena steudneri Engl."	NA	2
"100"	"Draceana fragrans (L.) Ker Gawl."	NA	58
"101"	"Duranta repens L."	NA	9
"102"	"Duranta sp."	NA	1
"103"	"Eleusine coracana Gaertn."	NA	5
"104"	"Eriobotrya japonica (Thunb.) Lindl."	NA	41
"105"	"Erythrina abyssinica Lam. ex DC."	NA	19
"106"	"Erythrococca atrovirens (Pax) Prain"	NA	1
"107"	"Eucalyptus globulus Labill."	NA	12
"108"	"Eucalyptus grandis W. Hill ex Maiden"	NA	21
"109"	"Eucalyptus sp."	NA	1
"110"	"Euphorbia cotinifolia L."	NA	5
"111"	"Euphorbia tirucalli L."	NA	23
"112"	"Euphorbia umbellata (Pax) Bruyns"	NA	3
"113"	"Euphorbiaceae sp."	NA	1
"114"	"Euryops chrysanthemoides (DC.) B.Nord."	NA	3
"115"	"Faurea saligna Harv."	NA	1
"116"	"Ficus asperifolia Miq."	NA	4
"117"	"Ficus exasperata Vahl"	NA	1
"118"	"Ficus sp."	NA	5
"119"	"Ficus thonningii Bl."	NA	8
"120"	"Fittonia albivenis (Lindl. ex Veitch) Brummit."	NA	2
"121"	"Fleroya rubrostipulata (K.Schum.) Y.F.Deng"	NA	1
"122"	"Funtumia africana (Benth.) Stapf. "	NA	3
"123"	"Glycine max (L.) Merr."	NA	1
"124"	"Gouania longispicata Engl."	NA	1
"125"	"Grevillea robusta A.Cunn. ex R.Br. "	NA	6
"126"	"Grevillea sp."	NA	1
"127"	"Gutenbergia cordifolia var. marginata (O. Hoffm.) C. Jeffrey"	NA	2
"128"	"Gutenbergia sp."	NA	1
"129"	"Gynandropsis gynandra (L.) Briq."	NA	5
"130"	"Gynura scandens O. Hoffm."	NA	5
"131"	"Harpagocarpus snowdenii Hutch. & Dandy"	NA	4
"132"	"Harungana madagascariensis Lam. ex Poir."	NA	5
"133"	"Helianthus annus (Cass.) Cass."	NA	21
"134"	"Helianthus sp."	NA	2
"135"	"Hibiscus acetosella Welw. ex Hiern."	NA	9
"136"	"Hibiscus fuscus Garcke"	NA	4
"137"	"Impatiens meruensis Gilg."	NA	1
"138"	"Impatiens meruensis Gilg.."	NA	1
"139"	"Impatiens sp."	NA	1
"140"	"Imperata cylindrica (L.) P. Beauv."	NA	1
"141"	"Indigofera atriceps Hook. f."	NA	3
"142"	"Ipomea sp."	NA	3
"143"	"Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam"	NA	36
"144"	"Iresine herbstii Hook. ex Lindl."	NA	1
"145"	"Juniperus cf. procera Hochst. ex Endl."	NA	1
"146"	"Juniperus procera Hochst. ex Endl."	NA	5
"147"	"Justicia betonica L."	NA	3
"148"	"Justicia engleriana Lindau"	NA	7
"149"	"Kalanchoe densiflora Rolfe. "	NA	8
"150"	"Kalanchoe sp."	NA	2
"151"	"Khaya senegalensis (Desr.) A. Juss."	NA	1
"152"	"Kigelia africana (Lam.) Benth."	NA	1
"153"	"Kotschya africana Endl."	NA	1
"154"	"Lantana camara L."	NA	11
"155"	"Lantana cf. camara L."	NA	1
"156"	"Leonotis melleri Bak. "	NA	6
"157"	"Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit"	NA	1
"158"	"Leucas martinicensis (Jacq.) R.Br."	NA	1
"159"	"Luffa acutangula (L.) Roxb."	NA	8
"160"	"Macrotyloma axillare (E. Mey.) Verdc."	NA	1
"161"	"Maesopsis eminii Musizi."	NA	2
"162"	"Malva sp."	NA	1
"163"	"Mangifera indica L."	NA	56
"164"	"Manihot esculenta Crantz"	NA	68
"165"	"Manihot glaziovii Muell.Arg."	NA	1
"166"	"Markhamia lutea (Benth.) K.Schum."	NA	7
"167"	"Melia azedarach L."	NA	1
"168"	"Melochia corchorifolia L."	NA	18
"169"	"Morus alba L."	NA	7
"170"	"Musa (AA-EAHB Group)"	NA	2
"171"	"Musa (AAA Group)"	NA	83
"172"	"Musa (AAA-EAHB Group)"	NA	102
"173"	"Musa (AAB Group)"	NA	74
"174"	"Musa (AB Group)"	NA	82
"175"	"Musa (ABB Group)"	NA	26
"176"	"Myrianthus arboreus Beauv."	NA	1
"177"	"Nicotiana tobaccum L."	NA	24
"178"	"Ocimum gratissimum L."	NA	10
"179"	"Parinari excelsa Sabine"	NA	1
"180"	"Passiflora edulis Sims."	NA	52
"181"	"Passiflora quadrangularis L."	NA	1
"182"	"Pennisetum purpureum Schumach. "	NA	17
"183"	"Pennisetum sp. "	NA	1
"184"	"Persea americana Mill."	NA	91
"185"	"Phaseolus lunatus L."	NA	4
"186"	"Phaseolus vulgaris L."	NA	59
"187"	"Phoenix reclinata Jacq."	NA	1
"188"	"Phoenix sp."	NA	1
"189"	"Physalis peruviana L."	NA	40
"190"	"Phytolacca dodecandra L'Her."	NA	4
"191"	"Pisum sativum L."	NA	2
"192"	"Plantago palmata Hook. f."	NA	6
"193"	"Plumbago zeylanica L."	NA	1
"194"	"Plumeria sp."	NA	1
"195"	"Poaceae sp."	NA	1
"196"	"Prunus africana (Hook.f.) Kalkman"	NA	1
"197"	"Psidium guajava L."	NA	69
"198"	"Raphanus sativus L."	NA	1
"199"	"Rhus pyroides Burch."	NA	2
"200"	"Ricinus communis L."	NA	29
"201"	"Rosa sp."	NA	1
"202"	"Rosmarinus officinalis L."	NA	4
"203"	"Rubus keniensis Standl."	NA	1
"204"	"Rumex usambarensis (Dammer) Dammer"	NA	6
"205"	"Saccharum officinarum L."	NA	70
"206"	"Salvia splendens Ker-Gawl."	NA	1
"207"	"Sambucus africana Standl."	NA	1
"208"	"Sansevieria sp."	NA	3
"209"	"Sapium ellipticum (Hochst.) Pax."	NA	5
"210"	"Sechium edule (Jacq.) Sw."	NA	5
"211"	"Sechium sp."	NA	1
"212"	"Senecio hadiensis Forssk."	NA	5
"213"	"Senecio sp."	NA	1
"214"	"Senna occidentalis (L.) Link"	NA	5
"215"	"Senna sp."	NA	1
"216"	"Sesbania sesban (L.) Merr."	NA	5
"217"	"Shirakiopsis elliptica (Hochst.) Esser"	NA	5
"218"	"Sida rhombifolia L."	NA	17
"219"	"Sida sp."	NA	1
"220"	"Solanecio angulatus (Vahl) C.Jeffrey"	NA	5
"221"	"Solanecio cf. angulatus (Vahl) C.Jeffrey"	NA	1
"222"	"Solanecio cydoniifolius (O. Hoffm.) C.Jeffrey"	NA	6
"223"	"Solanecio sp."	NA	2
"224"	"Solanum aculeastrum Dunal."	NA	6
"225"	"Solanum aethiopicum L."	NA	53
"226"	"Solanum anguivi Lam."	NA	56
"227"	"Solanum betaceum Cav."	NA	20
"228"	"Solanum cf. aculeastrum Dunal."	NA	1
"229"	"Solanum cf. anguivi Lam."	NA	1
"230"	"Solanum cf. betaceum Cav."	NA	2
"231"	"Solanum giganteum Jacq."	NA	1
"232"	"Solanum lycopersicum L."	NA	51
"233"	"Solanum macrocarpon L."	NA	4
"234"	"Solanum nigrum L."	NA	28
"235"	"Solanum sp."	NA	1
"236"	"Solanum torvum Sw."	NA	24
"237"	"Solanum tuberosum L."	NA	30
"238"	"Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench."	NA	25
"239"	"Spathodea campanulata P. Beauv."	NA	3
"240"	"Stachytarpheta cayennensis (A. Rich.) Vahl"	NA	4
"241"	"Strombosia scheffleri Engl."	NA	1
"242"	"Symphytum officinale L."	NA	3
"243"	"Sysygium cuminii (L.) Skeels."	NA	2
"244"	"Tephrosia vogelii Hook.f."	NA	2
"245"	"Tetradenia cf. riparia (Hochst.) Codd.          "	NA	1
"246"	"Tetradenia riparia (Hochst.) Codd."	NA	7
"247"	"Tithonia diversifolia (Hemsl.) A.Gray"	NA	9
"248"	"Tristemma cf. mauritianum J.F. GmeL.         "	NA	2
"249"	"Tristemma mauritianum J.F. Gmel."	NA	1
"250"	"Tristemma sp.         "	NA	1
"251"	"Triumfetta althaeoides Lam."	NA	1
"252"	"Urtica massaica Milder."	NA	2
"253"	"Vangueria apiculata K. Schum."	NA	22
"254"	"Vangueria cf. apiculata K. Schum."	NA	1
"255"	"Verbena officinalis L."	NA	1
"256"	"Vernonia amygdalina Delile"	NA	1
"257"	"Vernonia brachycalyx O. Hoffm."	NA	1
"258"	"Vernonia kirungae R. E. Fries."	NA	1
"259"	"Vernonia sp."	NA	6
"260"	"Xanthosoma sagittifolium (L.) Schott"	NA	88
"261"	"Xanthosoma violaceum Schott"	NA	5
"262"	"Xymalos monospora (Harv.) Baill."	NA	1
"263"	"Zea mays L."	NA	32
"264"	"Zingiber officinale Rosc."	NA	5
"265"	"Zingiber sp."	NA	2
"266"	"Zingiberaceae sp. 2"	NA	2
